Use pathability groups (thanks @myk002) to detect stranded citizens (#833)
DFHack/scripts: docs/warn-stranded.rst

warn-stranded
=============

.. dfhack-tool::

>     :summary: Reports citizens that are stranded and can't reach any other unit

Reviewer: Summary sentence has to end in a period to satisfy the parser.

    :tags: fort units

> If any (live) units are stranded the game will pause and you'll get a warning dialog telling you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any (live) units are stranded, the game will pause and you'll get a warning dialog telling you
```

which units are isolated. This gives you a chance to rescue them before
they get overly stressed or start starving.

You can enable ``warn-stranded`` notifications in `gui/control-panel` on the "Maintenance" tab.

If you ignore a unit, either call ``warn-stranded clear`` in the dfhack console or if you have multiple
stranded you can toggle/clear all units in the warning dialog.

Usage
-----

::

    warn-stranded [clear]

Examples
--------

``warn-stranded clear``
   Clear all ignored units and then check for ones that are stranded.

> Options
> -------
> 
> ``clear``
>   Will clear all ignored units so that warnings will be displayed again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: "clear" is a subcommand, not an option, and is sufficiently explained in the Examples section.

warn-stranded
=============

.. dfhack-tool::
    :summary: Reports citizens that are stranded and can't reach any other unit.
    :tags: fort units

If any (live) units are stranded from the main group, the game will pause and you'll get a warning dialog telling you
which units are isolated. This gives you a chance to rescue them before they get overly stressed or start starving.

Each unit will be put into a group with the other units stranded together.

There is a command line interface that can print status of units without pausing or bringing up a window.

The GUI and command-line both also have the ability to ignore units so they don't trigger a pause and window.

You can enable ``warn-stranded`` notifications in `gui/control-panel` on the "Maintenance" tab.

Usage
-----

> ``warn-stranded -[wicg] [status|ignore|unignore] <id>``

Reviewer: this "man" style of options documentation isn't used in DFHack. Additionally, I suggest breaking the various invocation forms out into separate lines.

edit:  In writing this, it also occurs to me that many of the options might be better off as subcommands. Moreover, I suggest a few changes for ID display:

- display the group id when there is more than one unit in the group, remove `--walkgroups` option
- always display the unit id on console; never display it for the GUI; remove `--ids` option
- convert `clear` to a subcommand; remove `--clear` option
- convert `group` to a subcommand; remove `--group` option

```
Usage
-----

::

    warn-stranded
    warn-stranded status
    warn-stranded clear
    warn-stranded (ignore|ignoregroup|unignore|unignoregroup) <id>
```

warn-stranded
=============

.. dfhack-tool::
    :summary: Reports citizens that are stranded and can't reach any other citizens.
    :tags: fort units

If any (live) groups of fort citizens are stranded from the main (largest) group,
the game will pause and you'll get a warning dialog telling you which citizens are isolated.
This gives you a chance to rescue them before they get overly stressed or start starving.

> Each ciitizen will be put into a group with the other citizens stranded together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each citizen will be put into a group with the other citizens stranded together.
```

There is a command line interface that can print status of citizens without pausing or bringing up a window.

The GUI and command-line both also have the ability to ignore citizens so they don't trigger a pause and window.

You can enable ``warn-stranded`` notifications in `gui/control-panel` on the "Maintenance" tab.

Usage
-----

::

    warn-stranded
    warn-stranded status
    warn-stranded clear
    warn-stranded (ignore|ignoregroup|unignore|unignoregroup) <id>

Examples
--------

``warn-stranded``

>     Standard command that checks for standed citizens and causes a window to pop up with a warning if any are stranded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Standard command that checks citizens and pops up a warning if any are stranded.
```

    Does nothing when there are no unignored stranded citizens.

``warn-stranded status``
    List all stranded citizens and all ignored citizens. Includes citizen unit ids.

``warn-stranded clear``

>     Clear(unignore) all ignored citizens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Clear (unignore) all ignored citizens.
```
